I broke up with him.
Teng, I would do everything
to make us back together.
And I would make sure
you don't get to do that.
You are suspended for one month.
I'm so disappointed in you.
You asked me to believe in you,
but you never believed in me.
(Resignation Letter)
Poon!
I'm sorry.
Let me see is they left anything.
- How come you are here?
- Well, well, well.
Isn't it Mr. Sugar Daddy
who paid the rent for Poon last time?
How much does he still owe you?
Oh, he doesn't at all.
Because I kicked him out already.
Well, there's a billionaire
who brought me money.
I'd be out of my mind
if I didn't take it.
Oh, dear.
Don't stare at me like that,
or you will see my true nature.
- I'm kind of embarrassed.
- Did you kick him out?
Have you ever thought about
where he'd going to stay?
Do I have to? It's his business.
And all of his belongings here
belong to me now.
I can sell them cheap if you want.
Hey, don't leave just yet. Come back.
I have a good deal for you indeed.
Poon!
Are you here?
You again?
- We closed.
- I'm looking for Poon.
Is he here?
After you came ranting here last time,
he resigned.
So where is he now?
- I'm asking you!
- You better calm down.
I don't think it makes sense
to look for him here at this hour.
And most importantly,
how can you be sure
he wants to see you?
Are you telling me
he doesn't want to see me?
Think whatever you want.
I'll be leaving if you don't mind.
Hey.
Wait!
I'm doing my internship in Bangkok,
and Kao is doing his upcountry,
so we didn't meet recently.
I haven't seen Poon since the day
you ordered him a suspension.
I really don't know which friend
he is staying with.
I asked Kao about Poon,
and I only knew that he'd stay
with a friend during this time.
Should we report this
because it seems like he disappeared?
Maybe,
he was kidnapped and imprisoned!
Perhaps, he got an accident,
or something terrible happened.
Gosh!  What should we do?
Poon...
Please come back to me.
Thank you, Poon.
Customers are very impressed
with your food.
No, I owed you.
Thanks to you and Mayom,
I'm working here and have a place
to stay during a hard time.
No, it's because you have been destined
to be a chef at my restaurant.
And you can't escape your destiny.
Well, Poon, I really don't understand.
What is the reason for hiding?
Why do you ask me that?
Ping, Pan, and Pong
keep asking me every day
if I know your whereabouts.
Honestly, I don't know how long
I can keep this a secret.
So what? Just play dumb.
Don't you know Athip
keeps looking for you everywhere?
- Stop mentioning his name.
- Hey!
I understand how you feel.
Something only gets better with time.
If you stop being mad at him,
will your relationship thaw?
Do not let history repeats itself,
you know?
Did you talk about me?
Well,
I was talking in general.
Right.
What was once broken
would never be the same again.
Customers are coming in. Let's go work.
- Tell me if you need anything.
- Sure.
I know Poon's whereabouts.
- Hello!
- Hi, Mr.Taywich.
Here, I bought something for you.
These are for you.
- Careful.
- Thank you.
- And these are for the chefs.
- Oh, okay.
- Please give to them.
- Of course!
Well, well, well.
I think I sense the love in the air.
You paid Miss Amy a visit, did you?
I thought I'd contained myself well.
Is it that obvious?
Yes, and it contrasts with
Mr.Athip's vibes recently.
Eh? What's wrong with Tian?
Oh, Mr.Taywich,
You are so out of the loop.
- Don't worry.  I'll take care of him.
- Please.
Hey, Tian.
Haven't you been eating anything?
You look haggard.
I have been trying,
but I don't feel appetite
when it isn't Poon's food.
I see.
I bought you Pork Crackling
from Chiang Mai. Have some.
No, let's keep them for staff.
How is your relationship with Amy?
We chill,
and I'm not rushing it anyway.
I haven't eaten anything.
How about having lunch with me?
I don't want to.
Let's go have lunch.
Do you remember Teng Nueng?
His restaurant is open now.
No, I want to work.
Come on.
Please. Let's visit him.
- And you can have some lunch.
- No.
Let's go.
Let's go, Tian.
Come on, let's go eat.
Why are you so badgering?
Are you going or not?
Fine, I'll go.
Great!
Oh.
- Hello.
- Hi, Athip.  Hi, Taywich.
We haven't met since the day
of the competition.
I hope your restaurant is always
packed with customers.
and has a hundred branches expansion
this year.
- That would be great, though.
- Right?
Anyway, thanks for having lunch here.
- Please have a seat first.
- Sure, thanks.
This is mine.
Here is the menu.
Thank you.
I will have a Papaya Salad,
Deep Fried Pork with Fish Sauce,
Sweet and Sour Vegetables Stir-Fry,
and Spicy Grilled Pork Salad.
Hmm...
You are here to eat, not to grieve.
Do you want anything else?
- No, thank you.
- Alright.
That's all for now.
Thank you.
Feel free to comment on the food.
Only just by smelling,
I already gave you...
a five-star rating, Teng Nueng.
You are overpraising.
- Have a taste, Athip.
- Sure.
Thank you again
Do you think he will recognize?
I don't know. What do you think?
Oh.
Wow, it's really delicious.
By the way,
What were we talking about
before we left the hotel?
Is it about you regretted fighting
with Poon and wanted to apologize?
What happened actually?
He acted like he wanted to leave me
and work for someone else.
I couldn't bear that,
so I picked a fight with him.
And I want to beat myself up for that.
Come on, you have to go easy sometimes.
Here.
Eat some food
so you can continue looking for him.
It's been a month,
and I don't know how he's doing.
Wait. What's with that beam?
I think I know Poon's whereabouts.
So where is he?
Poon, You can't keep hiding
from me after all.
- Hey!
- Wait, Mr. Athip.
- Don't be so impulsive
- Mayom.
You didn't bother to tell me
even if you knew it all along.
Get out of my way.
Please listen to me
if you don't want what happened
at chef Pipob's to repeat.
What do you mean?
He isn't ready to listen to you now.
He will understand me
if I get a chance to explain.
Wait, Athip.
He won't listen to you
because he is still mad at you.
If you guys meet up now,
there will definitely be a fight.
He's right, Tian. Listen to him.
Even though you talk to him now,
he won't hear you out
if his mind is close.
So what should I do
to make him listen to me?
Your regular customer gave you this.
I'll leave it here.
Wait up!
How did the customer know it was me?
He said he recognize your food.
I have never cheated on you
and I didn't have feelings for him.
Enjoy your food.
Teng.
Did you recruit a new chef?
Why didn't you consult me ​​first?
Did you forget that this restaurant
belongs to the two of us?
At least, you should have told me.
Tan, we broke up, remember?
It'd be difficult for both of us
to work together.
- I want to buy back your shares too.
- I'm not selling.
Didn't I tell you that
I would do anything
to bring you back to me.?
I think I have made it
clear since you mentioned it.
Our relationship was over.
Accept it, Tan.
Teng...
You have changed a lot.
Don't you understand?
Why keep bugging him?
You have come up with all reasons
to break up with me,
Yet you have never told me about him.
About whom again?
Well, I can clearly see now
why you want to break up with me.
It's because you have him, right?
Tan.
Oh, god. I'm not having an affair
with him.
Don't make excuses.
You better tell me now
since when have you cheated on me?
- Do not insult him in front of me!
- Mayom.
Mayom...
Tan, I have never cheated on you.
I don't have feelings for him.
Alright.
If you insist,
I will believe you this time
that you don't have feelings for him
in the slightest.
- Mayom.
- I'm sorry.
- For meddling with your relationship.
- Good!
Finally, you are aware.
- Mayom.
- Teng.
Where are you going?
Mr. Athip, relax.
I believe there must be a solution.
I have got an idea.
Wait a moment.
Excuse me.
Let's try this, uncle Tian.
First, we need a plate.
And sugar which I will put in a bowl.
Now I will mix it with food colouring.
Just a little bit of it,
and mix them together.
Now, lay a stencil paper on the plate.
and scatter dyed sugar over it,
Just a little by little, like this.
I think this is a good idea.
- Who teach you this?
- No one.
It was just popped up in my head.
What do you think, uncle Tian?
Okay by me.
I'm sure Poon will be thawed by it.
Let's practice, uncle Tian.
Here you go.
Here, try it.
- Hello, Athip. Please have a seat.
- Hi. Thank you.
- Can I please get Tom Yum Fried Rice?
- Sure.
- Please wait a moment.
- Thank you.
(It's my bad.)
Come on, just forgive him.
Hey, what's wrong?
You look so downhearted.
I think...
my heart is broken.
Have you already confessed to him?
I made it clear to him
from the beginning,
and he's known my feelings since then.
Dear me, he rejected you?
I think he's probably going back
to his partner.
Hey...
I don't think so.
They broke up, didn't they?
But they can reconcile, though.
And they love each other so much.
That doesn't sound like you.
How come you are so discouraged today?
Didn't you just announce it
the other day?
That you won't let them to reconcile.
But they have been together
for five years.
How can I stop them?
Oi!
What has passed is past.
Don't bother about it.
At least he is now giving you a chance.
- Right?
- I don't know.
So when will you forgive Athip?
I really want to give him a trophy
for his effort to come here every day.
Your medicine, Mr. Athip.
How is your stomachache?
It's intermittent.
- When's the doctor's next appointment?
- Next Monday.
Have you followed the advice
about avoiding spicy food at all?
I can't, though.
Anyway, I'm going out
for lunch shortly.
Does it mean you completely ignore
the doctor's advice?
Do I have any appointments
in the afternoon?
No, but you have urgent matters
to look at.
Mayom, I've been thinking about
reallocating all the space.
I'd like to put more tables in here.
Sure.
And your station needs to be
moved back a little bit.
Are you okay with that?
It's fine with me.
Can you look at me when you talk to me?
Okay now?
It's because of what I said
the other day, right?
Well, I've already told you
that I can keep my personal matters
separate from work.
Hey, I didn't mean to say it that way.
Oh, Mr.Athip is coming over there.
You go take care of him.
You know I'm rooting for him.
I'm sure Poon will see all the efforts
he is putting into him.
You know there is a difference
between reconciling with people
who still love you
and who don't anymore.
- Hello, Athip.
- Hello.
Are you okay?
Yes, I'm fine.
Just a little headache.
Hey.
Are you okay, Athip?
Poon.
You finally come to see me.
Quit worrying about me!
You better worry about yourself now.
Wow, not only you are a homewrecker,
but now you are assaulting me?
So shameless.
Here.
Don't be distraught,
I'm getting better.
Damn, why would you keep ordering
spicy food when you can't eat it?
How many days have you suffered?
Why don't you order something else?
Actually, I can eat some.
But I have stomachache
because I have eaten consecutively.
Most importantly,
I want to eat food you cook.
You...
aren't mad at me anymore, right?
I'm sorry
I was too impulsive.
I misunderstood things
and picked a fight with you
I'm sorry too.
Once I calmed down,
I realized my fault,
and I was tightlipped.
I was too emotional and kept running
away from my own problems.
Apart from forgiving each other,
I think we have to
forgive ourselves too.
You are good at reconciling.
Where did you learn it from?
- I won't tell you.
- You have a secret with me?
We just reconciled,
don't start a fight again.
Poon, promise me.
From now on, we have to open up
to each other
to avoid misunderstandings and fights.
Moreover, don't run away from me again.
I'm doing it right now.
Starting tomorrow, you can return
and work as a chef at the hotel.
So I can see you every day.
I don't think I will return
to your hotel and be a chef again.
Eh? Is there a problem?
I'll handle it for you.
I think...
the problem is here.
It's the matter of boss
and subordinate.
I can't help but feel bad
if you punish me like you did again.
And don't tell me to keep
personal matters separate from work.
Because it's easier to say than do.
In that case,
I have another vacancy for you.
- And it isn't a chef position.
- What is it?
Do you have a paper?
Why do you want it for?
This position is only for you.
(Application for partner position)
Excuse me, but what are
the job discriptions for the position?
You have to cook for me
three times a day,
and say you love me after each meals.
Oh, it's too hard. I can't do it.
You already got the job
even if you haven't applied for it.
Be my partner, Poon.
You haven't told me the pay
and benefits I'll get
for being your partner.
Well, it's a lifetime contract,
24/7 and no holiday job.
Doesn't it sound too exploit?
As for the pay,
I'll give you all my heart.
Should I accept it?
- Yes, you should.
- No.
Why do I have to sign it, anyway?
- I'll make you sign.
- What for?
No, I can sign it myself.
- I'll sign it.
- Come here.
He's better now, but I'll take him
to the hospital to make sure.
Uh, can I take a half-day leave,
Mr. Teng Nueng?
Sure.
By the way, Athip,
You should refrain from
eating spicy food for now.
I don't think so because I always
feel like I can't get enough of it.
I'm glad you guys have reconciled
with each other.
- Well.
- I feel so relieved.
Thanks again, Teng.
I am lucky enough to get a chance
to reconcile with him.
And I hope you and Mayom
can open up to each other too,
before it's too late.
Sure, I'll give it a try.
Eh?
Save it for tomorrow.
It's late now,
and you better have some rest.
Put the light back on, Mayom.
I have almost finished it.
I used to handle these fussy document
when I was a chef at the hotel.
So let me help you finish it.
Thank you.
Done. So I'll be leaving now.
Oh, are you leaving?
Do you have time for me?
I want to talk to you.
Oh, wow.
So hiring you is a good idea, though.
During the day, you are a chef,
and you turn into a watchdog at night.
At least I'm doing what I have to do,
unlike someone who shows up
only when he wants to.
- You mean me?
- Tan!
If you are here only to pick a fight,
please just leave.
- Ouch.
- Hey.
Does it relapse, Teng?
You haven't gotten enough rest, right?
Have you taken medicine?
- Would you like hot ginger juice?
- Are you okay?
Don't you know that
he has a medical condition?
And you claimed you know him so well.
See?  I told you.
No one can take care of you
better than me.
What a shameless claim!
Take care, my ass.
- You have always aggrieved him.
- Shut up!
You have been meddling with
our relationship all along.
Teng and I would have already gotten
back together if it wasn't for you.
Come on, you blame everything
but yourself.
You keep asking for a chance,
and you destroy it every other time.
- Why bother in the first place?
- You are too much!
I can do much more than this. Try me!
Wow, not only you are a homewrecker,
but now you are assaulting me?
- You should be ashamed.
- I'm still better than you, though.
You keep bugging him
even though he broke up with you.
You are just a play gooseberry!
- So what, TwatCunt?
- Hey!
Stop! Please don't give me
more headaches.
Ouch.
Let's have a seat, Teng.
Get the medicine! It's in the bag!
Are you okay?
Give it to me!
This is the medicine.
Water.
If you want to help him so badly,
go make a cup of hot ginger juice.
I'll get you the eye mask.
Can we get back together now?
Tan, I have changed.
I don't love you anymore.
I can't believe you choose someone
you have just met
over me who have been with you
for five years.
I really can't believe
you are such a fickle person.
You can judge me any way you'd like.
But I know exactly what I am doing.
If you think he's better than me,
have it your way.
But don't change your mind or
ever regret what you have done to me.
Once we really broke up,
you acted like we never loved
each other.
Don't blame me. You chose it yourself.
Teng.
Teng Nueng.
I'm sorry.
I should have noticed it earlier.
This is all I can do for you.
Take care and get well soon.
Can you stay with me for a while?
I really want to talk to you.
- Is the soup ready?
- Wait a minute. It's boiling now.
Oh, my. Your kitchen is so chaotic.
Haven't you got a new head chef?
Won't you change your mind?
I want you to work here with me.
I have to work at Teng's restaurant.
Do you see that box?
Go have a look,
and tell me what it is in there.
Hey.
Don't you think
it's a little bit too much?